OSDOCS-10971: updates relnotes file 4.17 MicroShift (#78356)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_release_notes/microshift-4-17-release-notes.adoc

[id="microshift-4-17-updating_{context}"]
=== Updating

> //Updating two minor versions in a single step is supported from 4.16. Updates for both single-version minor releases and patch releases are still supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//Updating two minor versions in a single step is supported in {what} 4.16 and higher. Updates for both single-version minor releases and patch releases are still supported.
```

Author: line 37 is commented. So the contents of this line are not visible in the preview. No changes are required in this line as it is commented.
